1. When I am interacting with someone, I deliberately copy their body language or facial expressions.
2. I monitor my body language or facial expressions so that I appear relaxed.
3. I rarely feel the need to put on an act in order to get through a social situation.
4. I have developed a script to follow in social situations.
5. I will repeat phrases that I have heard others say in the exact same way that I first heard them.
6. I adjust my body language or facial expressions so that I appear interested by the person I am interacting with.
7. In social situations, I feel like I’m ‘performing’ rather than being myself.
8. In my own social interactions, I use behaviours that I have learned from watching other people interacting.
9. I always think about the impression I make on other people.
10. I need the support of other people in order to socialise.
11. I practice my facial expressions and body language to make sure they look natural.
12. I don’t feel the need to make eye contact with other people if I don’t want to.
13. I have to force myself to interact with people when I am in social situations.
14. I have tried to improve my understanding of social skills by watching other people.
15. I monitor my body language or facial expressions so that I appear interested by the person I am interacting with.
16. When in social situations, I try to find ways to avoid interacting with others.
17. I have researched the rules of social interactions to improve my own social skills.
18. I am always aware of the impression I make on other people.
19. I feel free to be myself when I am with other people.
20. I learn how people use their bodies and faces to interact by watching television or films, or by reading fiction.
21. I adjust my body language or facial expressions so that I appear relaxed.
22. When talking to other people, I feel like the conversation flows naturally.
23. I have spent time learning social skills from television shows and films, and try to use these in my interactions.
24. In social interactions, I do not pay attention to what my face or body are doing.
25. In social situations, I feel like I am pretending to be ‘normal’.